Project setting:
	Timesheet
	Timesheet Timer
	Sub-Tasks
	customer-Rating on tasks


1.Project:-
	create a project, click on project and now you will be asked to create the stages for project.
	Note:- For every new project you can create new stages.
	       If you want to use same stages that you created for earlier project then
		Project App -- Configuration -- Stages
		click on it, you will find Project field(Many2many) add particular project.
		
	In the project's visibility option, if any user is assign then that user can see all the tasks.
	
2.How to share projects with other resources?
	In project kanban view, In particular project you will find 3 dots at the right top side click on it and you will find share 		option.
	when you click on share option, wizard will popup there you will find receipt field(Many2many) mentioned the email address so an 		invitation mail is trigger to the receipts.
	
	Choose who can access a project
		To create a project for specific teams, under Visibility, choose who can have access to the project:
		you will have share button 

		Invited employees (invited internal users(v14)): the ones who are followers.
		All employees (All internal users(v14)).
		Portal users and all employees.


3.Task:-
	when the project and its stages are created you can see Create button, click on it , it will create the task for that project.
	In the project's visibility option, if any user is assign then that user can see all the tasks.
	To share the task with other resources(eg: portal user), open the task and on Middle top you will find Action button, In that 		dropdown you will find share option.
	After you share the task you can see that resource is added as follower in that task.
	The shared resource can add attachment or comment in that task login into his/her account.
	All the attachement by different user in different task can be seen in "Document" smart button on that project.
	
	Note:- In short project task can be share with different resources inspite of which users are selected in visibility option of 			that project.
		you can not create separate task without project as project is required field in task.

	Project --> Configuration --> setting --> Timesheets
		This will enable Timesheet and Timesheet Timer option on project.
		If you tick the above option then you can see below things
			In task we are having start stop button to calculate the auto time(clock runs)
			In the task we have another page timesheet.
			In timesheet page we have field of Planning hours, like task take 10 hours to complete, same planning hours is 				available in subtask also.
			In timesheet page you can log the duration sepnd on that task.
			On Parent task you can see the consume time of parent and its subtask. 
	You can add cover image on task 

4.)Sub-task:-
	You can divide the task into many subtask
	To enable this feature go to Project App --> Configuration -- setting -- tick mark the substask field.
	On the particular project you have to tick mark the sub-task option.
	If you want your every sub-task to be created in different project then when tick mark the sub-task option on the project, then 		you need to select the project name in the dropdown and then every sub-task will be created in that project.
	
	You can assign task and sub-task to different users.


4.)Recurring:
	To enable this feature go to Project App --> Configuration -- setting -- tick mark the Recurring Task field.
	Now Recurring Task option will be available on project.
	If you enable Recurring Task option in a project then in the task and sub-task will have one boolean field of "Recurrent".
	once you tick mark the boolean field then another tab "Recurrence" will appear where you have different options for the 		recurrency of task.
	You can even see the smart button regarding recurriency.
	
5.Timesheet:-
	Timesheet will allow you yo enter the number of working hours on task and subtask.
	To have timesheet option on task and Sub-task, You have to tick Mark Timesheet Boolean field On Project.
	On parent task at the bottom you will see the hours for parent task and its sub-task.
	To enable this feature go to Project App --> Configuration -- setting -- tick mark the timesheet field.

	2.)Timer:
		to have timer on task and sub-task(start, pause, stop)
		you have to tick mark the boolean field "Timesheet Timer" on Project.
		It will allow you to record the time by using timer(start/stop/pause button)
		Once you have stop/pause that task you have to enter what have you done in description in task-lines.
		
		
	Main task's Initial Planned hours are calculated by adding the sub-task time.
	Eg:- main task planned hours are 10 and sub-task palnned hours are 5.
		if you complete the sub-task then in the main task you will find the remaining time is 5 hrs.
		if you log the 7hrs in main task then it will show minus 2 hrs even though you have completed only 7hrs from 10hrs.
		so always consider the sub-task time and then assign the time.
	In the above eg you should have assign 15 hours on main task and 5 hrs on sub-task.
		it means it will work like 10hrs for main task and 5 hrs for sub-task.
		
	Note:- do not consider the time for sub-tak and main differently.

6.)Collaborate on Tasks:- work jointly on an activity or project.
	
	Being able to collaborate virtually but with the same effect as if people were in the same room increases your productivity. 		It results in faster execution of processes, brainstorming and decision made easier while also allowing the support of outside 		contributions.

	This writting pad will allow all the user to view/write all conversation.You can get the link of this pad and give it to user 		so that he can open in any browser and view/write all conversation.
	Each task and sub-task has different pad means conversation of sub-task is not visible in parent task.

	To activate this feature go to setting and tick mark Collaborative Pads.
	Go to particular project(kanban view) click on right dots and then click on Edit.
	In settings tab, You will see boolean field "Use collaborative pads",tick mark it.
	Now in task and and subtask you will see description tab, that is Collaborate pad.

	Note:-
		In Collaborate pad Click on the "</>" icon to get the direct URL of the task description: useful if you want to share it 			without adding this person as a follower, or to someone outside of the company.

	Add followers to a Project:
		In the chatter you will see at right hand side a small symboll of human body.Click on it and you will see the option of
		Add Followers and Add Channels.
		A follower added on project can see all the task and sub-task.
		Followers are notified of any changes: tasks sliding from one stage to another, conversations taking place, etc.

	Add followers to a Task and Sub-task:
		Followers added on project get automatically added to task and subtask.
		Each task has individual followers.
		Follower added on Sub-task is not added to its Parent task.

	Select which notifications to get to followers:
		In the chatter you will see at right hand side a small symboll of human body.Click over it and you will find the list of 			followers.
		Hover the cursor on particular follower you will see pencil symbol(Edit Subscription) click on it and the follwing 		options will appear:-	Discussions (In chatter when you use the option "send message") (default selected)
				Activities
				Note (In chatter when you use the option "Log Note")
				Task Blocked (stages have three circle with red, green and gray color)
				Task Ready
				Stage Changed
				Task Rating (customer rating) (default selected)
		selects the boolean fields and that follower will get those selected notifications.
		notification will be send to the follower by email.
		If you want to unfollow yourself then just click "Follow" button and vice versa.
		
		Discussions and Task Rating are default selected

	The Chatter:
	
		Send message:- If you want to send a message/email to all the followers in the task, use Send a message

		Log Note:- To interact with followers, whether there are internal or external,
			   click on Log a note and ping them using the at symbol (@):- you can select followers.
		           You can also ping a channel using the hashtag sign (#).:- you can select channel.

		Schedule Activity :- you can scheduled activity like make a call, send email, arrange meeting.

		Attachment:- You will see the attachment symbol(pin) click on it and add attachment.


	Collaborative pad available to portal user:
		In the particular project's setting page you will see the option Collaborative avialble to
		If you made the pad available to portal users then the resource assign to the task / followers can see the "Edit" button
		for the description by going in that task (portal login)

7.)How to Use my Mail Server to Send and Receive Emails in Odoo:
	If you are using Odoo Online or Odoo.sh then you have to do nothing Odoo will do for you.
	
	1.)Set up an incoming email server:-
		Odoo relies on generic email aliases to fetch incoming messages.

			1.)Reply messages:- messages sent from Odoo are routed to their original discussion thread (and to the inbox of 							its followers) by the catchall alias (catchall@).
			2.)Bounced messages:- are routed to bounce@ in order to track them in Odoo. This is especially used in Odoo Email 					Marketing to opt-out invalid recipients.
			3.)Original messages:- Several business objects have their own alias to create new records in Odoo from incoming 					emails:
					Sales Channel (to create Leads or Opportunities in Odoo CRM),
					Support Channel (to create Tickets in Odoo Helpdesk),
					Projects (to create new Tasks in Odoo Project),
					Job Positions (to create Applicants in Odoo Recruitment),
					etc.

			Depending on your mail server, there might be several methods to fetch emails. The easiest and most recommended 				method is to manage one email address per Odoo alias in your mail server.

			Create the corresponding email addresses in your mail server (catchall@, bounce@, sales@, etc.).
			Set your domain name in the General Settings.
		
			If you use Odoo on-premise, create an Incoming Mail Server in Odoo for each alias.

	2.)Configure the email alias in your project:-
		Now that you have the incoming email server set up, go to Project ‣ Configuration ‣ Projects ‣ Edit. Under the Emails tab, 			define the wanted email alias and choose the policy to receive a message.
		In addition, you can now directly set it when creating a new project.
		The email can be seen under the name of your project on the dashboard.

		When you already have an email address that customers know from the top of their heads, changing it is the last thing you 			want to do.
		Instead, link that address to your project and transform those conversations into structured work. 
		It automatically creates a task in the first stage of a project.


8.)Compare forecast hours with the effective ones:-
	under All Tasks, conveniently see the Planned Hours compared to the Remaining Hours, and a calculation of the Progress.
	Task appears in red color when it has cross deadline.

9.)Invoice the task hours:
	In project when the timesheet field is enable you will see "Create Sale Order" button.
	Click on it:- you can invoice hours employees wise as employee can be junior or senior
		      OR enteir hours timesheet.
		      means billing type:- 1.)At project rate
					   2.)At Employee rate
					   
	Note:- Timesheet recorded offline get synch once you are online.


10.)Invoice only approved timesheets:
	Go to Timesheets App ‣ Configuration ‣ Settings ‣ Invoicing Policy, and choose Approved timesheets only.
		1.)All recorded timesheet.
		2.)Approved timesheets only.
		
	Note:- Timesheet recorded offline get synch once you are online.

11.)Gather Feedback from Customers:

	Choosing the projects I want feedback from:
		Go to Project ‣ Configuration ‣ Settings and enable Use Rating on Project.
		Go to Project ‣ Configuration ‣ Projects ‣ Edit and you will see selection field named as Customer(s) Rating
		Options of those rating.
			1.)Rating when changing stage
			2.)Periodical Rating
			3.)No rating

			Set Email Template to Stages in order to define the template to be sent at a specific stage(s).
			You can event set on last stage.
			Choose an existing template or create one on the fly.
			In stage setting you have field to define email template.

		Note:- See the customer rating email sent under the Log notes of your task.
	
	Customer Rating Report:-
		Under Project ‣ Reporting ‣ Customer Ratings see ratings by task.


12.)Create Projects and Tasks from Sales Orders:
	1.)When you sell your services, you can choose to automatically have a project/task, so that you can invoice the actual hours of 			that service.
	2.)To track the cost/Revenue of that project activate the analytic account.In analytic account you will know the project and the 			cost (amount of working hours of employee/expense like you book hotel/purchase like you purchase some material for this 			project.)
	3.)To activate the analytic account, Account App -- settings -- Analytic account.
	4.)For expense install the expense app.
	5.)When you will confrim the SO, the analytic account will be created with SO name, In config menu for Alanytic Account.
		and the project and task will be created.
	6.)Set the Employee rate/per hour from Employee App -- select employee in HR tab you will find field to enter the rate/per hour.
		when you enter the time in timesheet, In analytic account in Cost/Revenue Button you will find the amount of employee 			worked in minus as this is the cost required for project.
	7.)If you purchase any product for project then create PO and in vendor bill lines you have to select the analytic account.

	Product set up:-
		1.)Create service type product.
		2.) Under the Sales tab select the Service Invoicing Policy and Service Tracking.
			Service Invoicing Policy:- 
					Timesheet on tasks.
			Serivce Tracking:
				1.)Create a task in an existing project:- A task is added in the first column of the selected 											project.	
				2.)Create a task in sales order’s project:- 	
						i.)A NEW PROJECT for each sales order is created based on the template(project) you have 								chosen.
							Template:- In project's setting tab "Billable" and "Timesheet" option should be 									   checked.
								   In Project's Invoicing tab "Different Customer" option should be 									   checked.
							
						ii.)New task is created with the name of service product you selcted in sales order and 								its quantity will be added as Initial Planned Hours in the task.
						iii.)If the seleted template/project has 7 task then the new project created will have 8 								task, so always created one project with no task and use it as template.
						
						Now when you confirm the SO the porject is created with the customer selected on SO and 							the task is created with the name of selected product in SO and the task will have the 							customer linked to it.
						The Task's initial Planned hours will be the quantity selected in SOL.
							
						Note:- To log the quantity as Initial Planned Hours in task, you must have selected 							"Billable" option on the project.
									    
									
				3.)Create a new project but no task:- Only creates a new project, for each time that service is sold, 										based on the skeleton of the project template chosen.
							Template:- In project's setting tab "Billable" and "Timesheet" option should be 									   checked.
								   In Project's Invoicing tab "Unique Customer" option should be 									   checked.
							Service Prouct's service invoicing policy should be  "Timesheet on tasks".
							Now you will be able to select the new created project in Project template.
							Product info:- type-service
									Service Invoicing Policy - Timesheets on tasks
									
							Now when you confirm the SO the porject is created with the customer selected on SO,
							you will create the task as per need and fill the timesheet then that hours will 
							be avalibale for billing(create invoice)

		Now, once a Quotation is confirmed and transformed into a Sales Order, a project, task and analytic account is 			automatically created.
		
		Note:- Timesheet recorded offline get synch once you are online.


		For example:
			In task you palnned it for 10 hours and you enter 3 hours and from sale order you create invoice, so for the 3 hours 				the invoice will be created.and on SO the Create Invoice button will disappear.
			Now again you enter 5 hours in same task then in SO you will see the Create Invoice button and invoice for 5 hours 				will be created and you will have 2 invoices now.

13.)Track Projects’ Profitability:
	A project runs smoother if you can have an overview of its costs, revenues, profitability, tasks, time and people, all in the same 		place. It allows you to make smarter business decisions as you know where you are standing and can course-correct if needed.

	1.)Track costs and revenue:
		If you have the Timesheets application installed
		Go to Project ‣ Configuration ‣ Projects, choose the respective project, Edit and enable Timesheets. A menu "Overview" becomes 			available in the Kanban view.

		The overview shows the hours recorded split by the different billable options, profitability, time by people according to the 			billable hours recorded, and even a timesheet table.

	2.)If you do not have the Timesheets application installed
		Activate the Developer mode. Then go to Manager Users and enable Analytic Accounting. Now, go to Project ‣ Configuration ‣ 			Projects and specify an Analytic Account under the needed project.
		A "Profitability" menu to the costs and revenues of this analytic account is directly available in the Kanban view.


