Timesheet:- Install timesheet module.

Timesheet --> Configuration
	A.)Time Encoding
		1.)Encoding Unit
		2.)Awesome Timesheet
		3.)Round Timesheets
		
	B.)Billing
		1.)Invoicing Policy
		
	C.)Timesheet Control
		1.)Employee Reminder
		2.)Manager Reminder
		
	D.)Time OFF
		1.)Record Time off
		
		
A.)Time Encoding
	1.)Encoding Unit:
		Here you have only 2 values "Hours" and "Day", where hours is the default value.
		If hours is selected then you can record task duration in hours.
		If day is selected then you can record task duration in day.
		when you will record the working duration for task at that time you will see the duration in hours/day.
		The pdf report "Timesheet Entries" will be print the duration value depending upon the selection in Endcoing Unit.
		
	2.)Awesome Timesheet
		Track your time from anywhere, even offline, with our web/mobile apps
		Note:- Timesheet recorded offline get synch once you are online.
		
	3.)Round Timesheets
		Minimal duration 15 minutes
		Rounding up 15 minutes
		
		Rounding up works only when you make use of Timer for timesheet(when use START button on My Timesheet menu) and
		it does not work when you use the "ADD A Line" (manually) in My Timesheets menu.
		
		Now the rounding up value is 15 minutes so if you log only 2 minutes using the START button then it will make entry of 
		15 minutes.
		Again you start and log 1 minutes it will add 15 minutes in the existing so now it will be 30 minutes.
		Every time you log less then 15 minutes it will make entry of 15 minutes.
		
		Example 2
			Minimal duration 35 minutes
			Rounding up 30 minutes
		
				if you logged time 2 less then 35 minutes than it will record the time as 1 hours (minimal+rounding time)
		
		Note:- This will not work for manual entry.

B.)Billing
		1.)Invoicing Policy (Record time spent and invoice it based on:)
			i.)All recorded timesheets
			ii.)Approved timesheets only
		
		From Project Overview You have the button of Create Invoice.
			If you have mark the invoice policy in Timesheet App -- "Approved timesheets only" then Create Invoice Button will 			not be visible untill you validate the timesheet.
			
			
C.)Timesheet Control
		1.)Employee Reminder :- send email
		2.)Manager Reminder :- send email
	

******************* Menus	
		
My Timesheet:
	Here you will see the "ADD A LINE" button and START button and the Porject name.
	Before project name you can see "ABCD" characters assigned to the project/task
	suppose project "Research and Development" has "B" alphabet before it.
	so if you press hit "B" in the keyboard then timer will start automatically for that project.
	Suppose for task RnD of project "Research and Development" has "c" alphabeat before it.
	    "c"	"Research and Development / Rnd"
	so if you press hit "c" in the keyboard then timer will start automatically for task RnD.
	If you hit "Enter" or "Space" key then the timer will start but you have to select the project manually.
	
	In the table view you will see the logged hours and magnifying glass icon of particular task
	if you click on magnifying glass icon then you will see all the logged records of that task.
	you can even change the logged hours from there.
	if you decrease the hours then the negative entry of hours is entered in that task.
	

To Validate
	Being a manager you have to validate the timesheet
	In Timesheet App , you will find the menu "To Validate", click on it and you will find 2 options Last week and Last Month.
	By default "Non Validated" filter will be added so you will see only those records which need to be validated.
	If you click on Validate button the whole timesheet will be validated.
	You have project, task and other filter to select the particular task and project.
	From the tree view select particular records and in "Action" button you will have validate option.
			
			
		

1.)Add timesheet on fly:
	Go to Timesheet App, you will see the timesheet and in top left hand you will see the "Add A Line" button click on it 
	you can select the project task and deadline and enetry the hours you took to complete the task.
	In the date column of task row you can add the hours.



3.)where you will define cost/per hour of employees working on Projects.
	Go to employee App, select the employee and in HR Settings Tab you will find a field "Timesheet cost ____ per hour".



Analysis Report from reporting menu
