1.)Before taking any project or to getting the project

    A.)Analysis Tips:
        Be a salesperson, as the project is not sold yet! At this stage,
        your goal is to reassure people and motivate them: do demos
        of key features.


        It's always good to observe how they currently work: ask
        for demos of their current software and get a copy of each
        document they use. The current situation is more important
        than their future goals, as it defines the minimal scope to
        cover. If you perfectly understand how they work today, you’ll
        be able to better challenge their requirements and spot their
        inefficiencies.




        Find solutions for each problem, try to stick to standard
        solutions as much as possible. It’s not required to do everything
        key-users ask for, their demands should be challenged.
    
        Never present different options to the customer: as Project
        Leader, you have to suggest the best one and make the
        decisions yourself. The customer’s role is to challenge what
        you offer, not to decide what to do.

        • Avoid having the customer decide whether a feature is
        “necessary” or “optional” or everything will be mandatory.
        Make the decision for them by classifying items as “optional”,
        when you think they should be excluded from the scope.
        Customer’s role is to challenge your proposition.



        2.)All necessary development should be divided into two
        categories:
            1.
                Development that is absolutely necessary before going
                into production (i.e. you cannot operate the business
                without it).
            2. 
                Development that can be rolled out in the second
                deployment phase, after the project goes live (i.e. you can
                operate the business without it, but it’s not optimal).


        At the end of the mission:
            • Summarize your analysis (functional and business coverage,
            resources required on both sides, planning and risks).

            • Organize specific demos to reassure the stakeholders and
            point out the benefits they will get from using Odoo.


        Toolbox PEN Ready-to-use templates
            
            ROI - Key Users Interview:
            https://www.odoo.com/r/roi_key_user_intw

            ROI - Analysis Tool:
            https://www.odoo.com/r/roi_analysis

            ROI - Closing Presentation:
            https://www.odoo.com/r/roi_closing





    B.)Project Kick-Off

	We need to get people on board. That’s what the Project Kick-Off is
	about.

	keep in mind that project managers
	should not be afraid to make decisions on behalf of
	the customer, it makes the process much easier. The
	customer's role should not be to decide what to do, but
	to approve what you suggest.

	Kick-Off Tips

		• Tackle issues directly: if you think the planning is too short,
		negotiate a delay and ask to push the deadlines asap. Similarly,
		if you detect misunderstanding about feasibility, mindset
		or features, discuss these ASAP, rather than delaying the
		conversation. Inexperienced Project Managers tend to avoid
		difficult discussions, which is a common mistake.

		• Check the customer’s involvement: ensure the right people
		are involved on the customer's side. Ensure they have enough
		time and knowledge to fulfill their duties.

		• Invest time in training the SPoC: introduce them to the
		eLearning platform, the online documentation, and train
		them on key business flows. They won’t be able to perform
		their duties if they don’t become an expert in the product
		themselves.

		• Managing customer expectations: this is a key skill of any
		Project Leader. Don’t set deadlines that are too short, don’t
		promise complex features, don’t say the change will be easy,
		don’t say yes to everything. In short, if you promise less, you
		can over deliver.
	
	Toolbox PEN Ready-to-use template
			
		ROI - Kick-off:
		https://www.odoo.com/r/roi_kickoff


    C.)Implementation
	
	No matter the level of complexity, the project must constantly move
	forward.

	Keeping a steady pace is a key success factor. The best way to maintain
	a high level of involvement is to keep the SPoC engaged in everything.

	After the Kick-Off phase, the designed solution has been demonstrated
	to key-users. It’s now time to make it come to life!

	Within each phase, the project team works in short cycles in order to
	deliver functionalities every week. The solution is shaped progressively
	throughout the phase and validated by the Project Leader and the
	SPoC. The configuration, data import and specific development is
	handled in parallel by the Project Leader and the developer, if required.	

	Configuration
		The Project Leader configures the software themselves, including
		customization with the Studio app, but no custom development. Once
		the apps are configured, the Project Leader involves the SPoC and
		key-users through a series of training sessions in order to validate the
		setup.
	Data import
		Depending on the volume and complexity of data to import this task is
		handled either by the Project Leader or a developer. Following the Project
		Leader’s instructions, the SPoC and the key-users gather the data and
		prepare the file to import.

	The data migration from the current software to Odoo can generate
	delays and requires making the right decisions:
		
		Don’t delay the production launch due to data quality:
			Importing the cleanest data possible is optimal, but not at the
			cost of delaying the project. So, if your customer didn’t clean
			it on time and was already using their data in this state, don’t
			delay a production launch to clean it. Some cleaning can be
			done directly in Odoo in post-production.
		Import master data, but avoid the full history (if possible):
			it takes a lot of time and money for very low ROI in the long run.
			
			
			
			page no 15 start reading
