1.)Product types:
	Add new Product types:
		a.)Gift Card
		b.)Event Tickets
		c.)Event Booth	
		
	
2.)Import:
	Has enhance the import screen (option for import records)
	Here in the new screen you will find 
		a.)"Format" and "Use first row as header" option.
		b.)Advanced:
			1.)Track history during import.
			2.)Allow matching with subfields (default ticked)
		c.)All the columns which are in the file.
		

3.)Inventory Adjustment:
	Improved the view.
	Now directly you can enter the products in stock.quant object.
	Before it was create the new record (stock.inventory object) then click on "Start Inventory" and now enter the products name and 		qty. then it was recored in stock.quant object.
	
	
4.)Removal strategy:
	Removal strategy is defined on product categories.
	New Removal strategy has been introduce i.e "Closest Location".
	

5.)Reservation Method:
	Warehouse >> Configuration >> Operation Type 
	You will find Reservation Method for "Delivery", "Internal" and "Manufacturing" operation type
		a.)At Confirmation
		b.)Manually
		c.)Before scheduled date
		
	
6.)POS
	POS --> Configuration --> Setting --> Pricing section
		a.)Coupons & Promotions (This feature was available for Sales and it is available for POS also.)
		 	The Odoo 15 Point of sale module has added a new option of "Enter code" in the dial pad of the operation of the 				session of the POS.
		 	Here you can enter Coupons & Promotions code.
		b.)Gift card
		
	
	POS --> Configuration --> Point of Sale
		here you creates shops and in shops configurtaion you can find "Ship later" in the Inventory Section.
		Ship Later where you can sell the products at the instance and deliver them later.
	
 
7.)Project Management:
	1.)Project Updates to indicate the status of the respective project such as On Track, On Risk, On Hold, or at Risk in the Project 	module.
	2.)Burndown Chart Smart Button in the respective projects
		Open Graph view of that project.
		
		
8.)Ecommerece and website:
	Website App --> Settings --> Products Sections
		Inventory
			Out-of-Stock		​Continue Selling
			Show Available Qty​ 	only if below .. Units
			
	Website --> Shop --> Select any product 
		now in the Customize button (in menu bar) you will find Share Buttons option if you enable then you can share your products
		details with friends.
		On the product page you will find social media icons.
		
		
9.)CRM:
	CRM Apps --> Configuration --> 
		Multi Teams
			Assign salespersons into multiple Sales Teams.
		Rule-Based Assignment:
			Periodically assign leads based on rules All sales teams will use this setting by default unless specified 			otherwise.
		

5.)"Storage Categories capacity" menu in the Inventory app --> configuration.
				

1.)Start a Meeting:
	In the Discuss app you will find "Start a Meeting" button at the left-Up side.
	Here you can make video/audio call and even share the screen.
	You can send out invitations to the users to take part in a meeting 


2.)Favorite:
	Products in kanban view has a "star" symbols, its means you can add produtcs as a Favorite .
	Then in the Filter menu you will find "Favorite" filter, click on it and you can find all the Favorite products.
	

3.)Attribute:
	Used in product variants
	In the Display type added new option "Pills", before there were radio,select and color
	Added eCommerce Filter Visibility option
		eCommerce Filter Visibility:
			1.)Visible
			2.)Hidden
	
			
4.)Update "Units of Measure" menus form view
	In V14 we were having 2 menus Units of Measure Categories and Units of Measure.
	Now In v15 the form view has both things
		Units of Measure Categories		Uom
		Length					mm, cm, km
		
