1.)Accounting:
	Register Payment:-
		In the tree view select the invoices and Now you can see the "Register Payment" button.
		Before it was available in the Action button.
		
	Resequence:-
		In the tree view select the invoices and in Action button you will find "Resequence" menu
		click on it, it will open a wizard and you can change the sequence of the selected invoices.
		
	Payment Flow:
		The payment registration process in V13 is conducted directly on the bank account.
		But
			In V14 payments are registered on an outstanding account.
			This default operation is valid for both customer invoices and vendor bills.
			Create invoice and click on "Register Payment" button and make the payment
			Now you can see the green ribbon "In Payment" on the invoice.
			Now the payment, you have to reconcile the invoice with the bank statement and then only the invoice state will be 			marked as "Paid".
			
2.)MRP:
	Lock Quantities To Consume:
		It is in the settings of MRP Apps
		Prevent manufacturing users to modify quantities to consume, unless the manager has unlock the document.
		
	Run Scheduler in the Planning Menu
		Added 	Run Scheduler in the 	Planning Menu
		
	Workorder:
		from the tree view you can start, pause, done , block as this buttons are available

2.)Data Cleaning App:
	Data Cleaning App is the new module that has been designed to sweep away all unnecessary documents and data from the computer 		memory.
	The duplicated data can easily be removed from the system with the help of the application.
	All data duplication including customer details, customer contact, field details, and other documents fall under the Data Cleaning 	process.
	You have to set the rule for data cleaning
	https://www.cybrosys.com/blog/odoo-14-data-cleaning-app (Brief explantation of this module.)
	
	
3.)Purchase:
	Ask confirmation:
		Its is a boolean field
		When ticked opens a new field where you have to give the input as number of days for mail trigger.
		Automatically send an email to the vendor x days before the expected receipt date, asking him to confirm the exact date.
		
	New Dashboard:
		All RFQ
		My RFQ
		Avg Order Value
		Purchased Last 7 Days
		RFQs Sent Last 7 Days
		
4.)Expense App:
	New Dashboard:
		
		
4.)New Website Builder
	a.)Chart Snippet:- The Chart Snippet tool allows you to display your qualitative and numerical data on your website in graphical 					data charts.
	b.)Timeline Snippet
	c.)Countdown Snippet
	d.)Step snippet
	e.)Progress bar Snippet
	f.)Auto Popup Snippet:
	
	
5.)POS
	POS App--> Setting --> Point of Sale
		Manager Order:- Reprint receipt, refund and exchange orders.
		Product Configurator:- select product attribute
		Send the receipt by email:- you can decide whether you want to take the printout of the receipt or send the receipt by 							email. (pos bill)
		
6.)Re-capture Option:-
	Introduce in the General settings from settings App.
	reCAPTCHA: Easy on Humans, Hard on Bots
	Protect your forms from spam and abuse.
	
	
child MRP orders and show through smart button on main order
purchase smart button is shown in sale order when the product is MTO
